Networking setup improvements (#3)
ARM-software/connectedhomeip: docs/examples/openiotsdk_examples.md

    TAP device interface is created and bridged with Virtual Ethernet peer.
    There is also option to enable Internet connection in namespace by
    forwarding traffic to host default interface.

    To enable Open IoT SDK networking environment:

    ```
    ${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/setup/openiotsdk/network_setup.sh up
    ```

    To disable Open IoT SDK networking environment:

    ```
    ${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/setup/openiotsdk/network_setup.sh down
    ```

    Use `--help` to get more information about the script options.

-   **connect_if.sh** - script that connect specific network interfaces with the
    default route interface. Create a bridge and link all interfaces to it. Keep
    the default route of network traffic.

    Example:

    ```
    ${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/setup/openiotsdk/connect_if.sh ARMhveth
    ```

    Use `--help` to get more information about the script options.

After setup Open IoT SDK network environment the user will be able to run Matter
examples on FVP in an isolated network namespace in TAP device mode.

To execute the command given as an argument in a specific network namespace use
the helper script `scripts/run_in_ns.sh`.

Example:

```

> ${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/run_in_ns.sh ARMns /bin/bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/run_in_ns.sh ARMns <command to run>
```

```

Use `--help` to get more information about the script options.

**NOTE**

> For Docker environment users it's recommended to use the default Docker bridge

Reviewer: I don't know what that means, what is the default docker bridge and how do I use it?

${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/examples/openiotsdk_example.sh -C test <example name>
```

Test example in specific network namespace with TAP device mode:

```
${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/run_in_ns.sh ARMns ${MATTER_ROOT}/scripts/examples/openiotsdk_example.sh -C test -n ARMtap <example name>
```

## Debugging

Debugging can be started using a VS code launch task:

```
Run and Debug (Ctrl+Shift+D) => Debug Open IoT SDK example application => Start
Debugging (F5) => <example name> => (GDB target address) => (network namespace) => (network interface) => <example name>
```

> For debugging remote targets i.e. run in other network namespace you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging remote targets (i.e. run in other network namespaces) you need to
```

pass hostname/IP address of external GDB target that you want to connect to (*GDB
target address*). In case of using the

> [Open IoT SDK network environment](#networking-setup) the GDB server run inside namespace and has the same IP address as bridge interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Open IoT SDK network environment](#networking-setup) the GDB server runs inside a namespace and has the same IP address as bridge interface.
```
